# Flight Shopper Reprise

Check out this project on Github Pages! [Flight Shopper Reprise](https://cameronmbacon.github.io/flight-shopper-reprise/index.html).

<a href="https://cameronmbacon.github.io/flight-shopper-reprise/index.html" target="_blank">Flight Shopper Reprise</a>

## Synopsis:

7 years ago, I completed the Code Fellows program for Full Stack Application Development with Node.js. The main framework knowledge I walked away with was Node.js for back-end and Angular.js for front-end. Shortly after completing the program, I began applying for interviews with various companies that partnered with Code Fellows. I finally received an interview opportunity from a reputable airline company which also came with a coding challenge.  
The challenge was actually rather simple: receive two .csv files with airport and flight data, then present the information for the user. The flight information needed to be sortable and filterable based on origin and destination.  
Ultimately, I failed this simple coding challenge due a number of factors that were in my control. I could not find a way to convert the csv data to JSON programatically while creating a solution that only utilized the front-end. Creating a full-stack solution to conver the csv data server-side seemed like overkill (and also proved difficult at the time when I finally resorted to this). I found a inegratable solution written in C# that utilized the .NET framework. I had no prior .NET experience, but thought learning the framework for this challenge would show some type of vigor. However, I was not able to create an elegant solution to the problem in time.  
I had several simultanous events in my life that required my attention and that made me feel like continuing my software journey remotely to stay close to my responsibilities was the only option. I should have better utilized my resources and support team to help create a solution that would have been a better represenation of my capabilities.  
With all of that said, We live and we learn, and most importantly: we keep pressing forward. I found a home for my tech affinity in IT Support. I completed my B.S. in Information Technology from ASU in 2021 and am currently on one of the corporate on-premise support teams for Amazon. They have provided me the opprtunity to join a Java Development program this year and I could not be more excited! I learned Java at ASU and have been eager to dive into the Spring ecosystem. As a first step, I am brushing up on my front-end skills so that I can ultimately connect my Spring projects to a React front-end.  
The skills I gained from Code Fellows and ASU have allowed me to learn the React framework with ease. I also kind of want to kick my former self for not kearning React sooner, but we live and we learn. Coming back to properly complete this coding challenge seemed like a great way to pick up where I left off 7 years ago. Here we go!
